Documentation for NGramModeller

The program includes algorithms to make a unigram model and a bigram model of a predetermined corpus.
Also included are algorithms to determine various statistical features of the text. These statistics are:
*number of unigrams used in the corpus;
*number of bigrams used in the corpus;
*standard deviation of bigram/unigram counts in the corpus;
*proportion of bigrams, of words in the corpus, that are not used in the corpus;
*average of bigram/unigram counts in the corpus;
*given two texts, T and S, the proportion of bigrams/unigrams in T that are shared by S;
*The "underlier" bigrams/unigrams in the text, i.e. the bigrams/unigrams of the text that 
have counts that are more than one standard deviation below the average bigram/unigram count 
for the corpus. Incidentally, there were no underliers in any of the models;
*the "overlier" bigrams/unigrams in the text, i.e. the bigrams/unigrams of the text that 
have counts that are more than one standard deviation above the average bigram/unigram count 
for the corpus;
All of these statistics are written to the file called ngram stats, which should appear in 
the same directory as the program files when the file Main.py is executed.

Functions are also included to determine the unsmoothed and Laplace-smoothed probabilities 
of the bigrams in the corpus. 
The unsmoothed bigram probabilities for corpus 1 ("blog-new-year's-resolutions.txt") are 
written to "raw probabilities for bigram model 1.txt". 
The unsmoothed bigram probabilities for corpus 2 ("Uprooted_Farming-on-Sand.txt") are 
written to "raw probabilities for bigram model 2.txt". 
The unsmoothed unigram probabilities for corpus 1 are written to "raw probabilities for 
unigram model 1.txt". 
The unsmoothed unigram probabilities for corpus 2 are written to "raw probabilities for 
unigram model 2.txt". 
The laplace smoothed probabilities for the bigrams in corpus 1 are written to "laplace-
smoothed probabilities for bigram model 1.txt". 
The laplace smoothed probabilities for the bigrams in corpus 2 are written to "laplace-
smoothed probabilities for bigram model 2.txt". 
All these output files should appear in the same directory as the program files.

To run the program, run the file Main.py
 
The test data used can be found in "blog-new-year's-resolutions.txt" and in "prooted_Farming-
on-Sand.txt" Both are in the same directory as the program files.

